Apply changes related to secrets mount override; (#1322)
codenvy/che-docs: src/main/pages/che-7/end-user-guide/proc_mounting-a-secret-as-a-file-into-a-workspace-container.adoc

* `app.kubernetes.io/part-of: che.eclipse.org` 
* ` app.kubernetes.io/component: workspace-secret` :
+
[NOTE]
====

> Note that the following example describes variations in the usage of the `target-container` annotation in versions {7-14-2-1} and  {7-15-2-2} of {prod}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the following example describes variations in the usage of the `target-container` annotation in versions {7-14-2-1} and {7-15-2-2} of {prod}.
```

...
----
+

> Annotations must indicate the given secret is mounted as a file, provide the mount path, and, optionally, specify the name of the container in which the secret is mounted. If there is no target-container annotation, the secret will be mounted into all user containers of the {prod-short} workspace, but this is applicable only for the {prod-short} version {prod-prev-ver}.

Author: I think we should not use versions placeholder here, because it may change in future, but feature is applied in concrete release. @MichalMaler

Reviewer 2: I will create new attributes for this since we have to have it CRW docs as well.

...
----
+

> *_Since the {prod-short} version {7-15-2-2}_*, the `target-container` annotation is deprecated and `automount-workspace-secret` annotation with boolean values is introduced. Its purpose is to define the default secret mounting behavior, with the ability to be overridden in a devfile. The value sets to `true` enables the automatic mounting into all workspace containers. In contrast, the `false` value disables the mounting process until it is explicitly requested in a devfile component using the`automountWorkspaceSecrets:true` property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*_Since the {prod-short} version {7-15-2-2}_*, the `target-container` annotation is deprecated and `automount-workspace-secret` annotation with Boolean values is introduced. Its purpose is to define the default secret mounting behavior, with the ability to be overridden in a devfile. The `true` value enables the automatic mounting into all workspace containers. In contrast, the `false` value disables the mounting process until it is explicitly requested in a devfile component using the `automountWorkspaceSecrets:true` property.
```

    app.kubernetes.io/part-of: che.eclipse.org
    app.kubernetes.io/component: workspace-secret
  annotations:
    che.eclipse.org/automount-workspace-secret: true
    che.eclipse.org/mount-path: /home/user/.m2/
    che.eclipse.org/mount-as: file
data:
  settings.xml: __<base64 encoded data content here>__
----
+
This results in a file named `settings.xml` being mounted at the `/home/user/.m2/` path of all workspace containers.
+
The secret-s mount path can be overridden for specific components of the workspace using devfile. To change mount path, an additional volume should be declared in a component of the devfile, with name matching overridden secret name, and desired mount path.
+
[source,yaml,subs="+quotes"]
----
apiVersion: 1.0.0
metadata:
  ...
components:
 - type: dockerimage
   alias: maven
   image: maven:3.11
   volumes:
     - name: <secret-name>
       containerPath: /my/new/path
   ...
----
+

> Please note that for such kind of overrides, components _MUST_ declare an alias to be possible to distinguish containers which belongs to them, and apply override path exclusively for those containers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that for this kind of overrides, components must declare an alias to be able to distinguish containers which belong to them and apply override path exclusively for those containers.
```
